.TH "Setup Python Virtual Environment" 1 2018 setup_python_venv setup_python_venv

.\" This is a man page comment.

.\" Man page syntax (actually roff syntax) is somewhat obscure, but the
.\" important part is is that .<letter> specifies <letter>'s syntax for that
.\" line, and \f<letter> specifies it for the characters that follow.

.\" .B   Bold line
.\" .I   Italic line (Rendered as underlined text in terminals)
.\" .BI  Alternating bold/italics without spaces between arguments.
.\"      Use `\ ` to include an "unpaddable" (literal) space in the output.
.\" .RI  Alternating roman/italic

.\" See http://liw.fi/manpages/ for an overview, or http://www.troff.org/54.pdf
.\" for detailed language reference.

.\" Macro to display an underlined URL in bold
.de ur
.nr CF \\n(.f
.ft 4
\\$1
.ft \\n(CF
..


.SH NAME

setup_python_venv \- Setup Python Virtual Environment

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B setup_python_venv
.RI [ options ]
.I ...
.RI [ requirements_file ]
.I ...
.br

.SH DESCRIPTION
    At the first call the virtual environment will be build. At subsequent calls to this program after
    the environment build, if the requirements was not changed then not will be done but if changed so the
    program will execute an update at the virtual environment.

    The virtual environment will be created at directory defined in
.BR PYTHON_VENV_DIR " system environment variable "
    that also can be defined using the
.BR -d " option. If requirements files are omitted the program will find for"
    requirements.txt file in the current directory.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.B \-d
The directory to build the virtual environment; also
.BR PYTHON_VENV_DIR ". Default = .pyvenv"

.TP
.B \-p
The python program to use on build the virtual environment; also
.BR PYTHON_VENV_PROGRAM ". Default = .python3.6"

.TP
.B \-v
Enable verbose mode. No argument is required. Default = Disabled

.TP
.B \-h
Prints the usage help

.SH EXAMPLES
    Create a python virtual environment at folder pyenv in the current directory.
The python used at this environment will be python3 and the dependencies will be
read from requirements.txt file:

    setup_python_venv -d pyenv -p python3 requirements.txt

    Create a python virtual environment at folder .pyvenv in the current directory.
The python used at this environment will be python3.6 and the dependencies will be
read from requirements.txt and dev_requirements files:

    setup_python_venv requirements.txt dev_requirements.txt


    Create a python virtual environment at folder .pyvenv in the current directory.
The python used at this environment will be python3.6 and the program will check
for a requirements.txt file at current directory:

    setup_python_venv


.SH LICENSE
.ur https://github.com/jeanpantoja/setup_python_venv/blob/master/LICENSE

.SH BUGS
Bugs are tracked in GitHub Issues:
.ur https://github.com/jeanpantoja/setup_python_venv/issues

.SH RESOURCES AND DOCUMENTATION

GitHub repository & Issue Tracker:
.ur https://github.com/jeanpantoja/setup_python_venv

.SH AUTHORS
Jean Carlos Sales Pantoja - je.cs@pantoja@gmail.com
